These notes accompany the dot-files found in ~newuser and provide details
on what those files are used for and whether they can be changed.

NOTE: It is always best to read the manual entries for any of these files
      before you make any changes.  We make no claims that these files
      are optimized, or that they are configured in the only way 
      possible.  Be careful when experimenting. 

.cshrc - This file is run whenever a shell is started.  It sets a number
         of defaults such as the prompt string, history characters, and 
         default file permissions.  Other than changing those defaults,
         you should be very careful about adding or changing entries
         in the .cshrc file.  Since it is run with every shell creation,
         it needs to be small to minimize shell startup time.

.login - This file is run when you login.  It sets the terminal type, paths
         other defaults.  Read the comments in .login to see how you can
         customize it for your needs.  This is where you can set the
         default windowing system of your choice.

.xsession - This file is used by X-windows for initialization.  It calls 
         your .Xresources file and sets window size and placement.  If
         you do not have a .Xresources file, it will use a default file.

.xinitrc - This file is used by OpenWindows for initialization.  It calls 
         your .Xresources file and starts the window manager. 

.openwin-init - This file is used by OpenWindows for configuration.  It is 
         called bu the window manager at startup.  Do not edit this file, 
         OpenWindows will modify this file when you make changes to your 
         workspace.

.Xresources - This file is used by BOTH OpenWindows and X-windows for
         configuration.  It sets background and window colors, fonts
         and other stuff.  Edit this file carefully, it interacts with
         .xsession and .openwin-init and some things should be changed 
         in those files instead.

.twmrc - This file is used by the X-Windows window manager for configuration.
         It sets all the window, font, icon and mouse button characteristics.
         The defaults are marked, read the manual for allowable options.

.alias - This file allows you to set aliases for commonly used commands.
         We have included the most frequently used aliases.  Feel free to
         make changes.

.mailrc - This file is the configuration file for mail.  Read the manual for
         options. 
 
